Assignment. By submitting a Contribution, you assign to Artem Chepurnyi all right, title, and interest in any copyright in the Contribution and you waive any rights, including any moral rights or database rights, that may affect our ownership of the copyright in the Contribution.

Patent License. You grant to us and to any recipient of any Work distributed by us, a perpetual, worldwide, transferable, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable, and sublicensable patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Contribution in whole or in part, alone or included in any Work, under any patent you own or license from a third party that is necessarily infringed by the Contribution or by combination of the Contribution with any Work.

Your Representations and Warranties. By submitting a Contribution, you represent and warrant that (a) each Contribution you submit is an original work and you can legally grant the rights set out in this Agreement; (b) the Contribution does not, and any exercise of the rights granted by you will not, infringe any third party's intellectual property or other right; and (c) you are not aware of any claims, suits, or actions pertaining to the Contribution. You will notify us immediately if you become aware or have reason to believe that any of your representations and warranties is or becomes inaccurate.

Intellectual Property. Except for the assignment and licenses set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement does not transfer any right, title or interest in any intellectual property right of either party to the other. If you choose to provide us with suggestions, ideas for improvement, recommendations, or other feedback on any Work, we may use your feedback without restriction or payment.
